With this Code of Conduct, we hope to help you understand how best to collaborate in GitHub Community, what you can expect from moderators, and what type of actions or content may result in temporary or permanent suspension from community participation. We will investigate any abuse reports and may moderate public content within GitHub Community that we determine to be in violation of either the GitHub Terms of Service or this Code of Conduct.
If you are using the Service on behalf of a school, institution, company or organization that has a separate express written agreement with Blooket and the school, institution or company, that agreement shall govern your use of the Service, and all matters not covered by said agreement will be subject to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Such Agreements with schools, institutions, companies or organizations shall only apply to accounts created and paid for expressly by them and not with Starter or free accounts or accounts paid for by individual educators, employees or teachers of those entities. Individuals who are employees of organizations, schools, institutions or companies which use the Starter or Free accounts or pay for accounts individually are bound by these Terms of Service agreement solely.
TO ENTER INTO THE CONTRACT CREATED BY THESE TERMS, YOU MUST BE OF THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY IN YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE UNLESS THE ACCOUNT IS CREATED THROUGH AN EDUCATIONAL SUBSCRIBER'S USE EXCEPTION DESCRIBED MORE FULLY BELOW. YOU ARE LEGALLY AND FINANCIALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACTIONS USING OR ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE, INCLUDING THE ACTIONS OF ANYONE YOU ALLOW TO ACCESS TO YOUR ACCOUNT. YOU AFFIRM THAT YOU HAVE REACHED THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, UNDERSTAND AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS (INCLUDING ITS DISPUTE RESOLUTION TERMS). IF YOU ARE UNDER THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN MUST CONSENT TO THESE TERMS. IF AN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION OR EDUCATOR CONSENTS ON YOUR BEHALF IN LOCO PARENTIS, THE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION OR EDUCATOR AGREES THAT IT HAS THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO DO SO BY EXPRESS AGREEMENT WITH PARENTS OR STATUTORY AUTHORITY.
EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS AND EDUCATIONAL INSTRUCTORS UTILIZING THE SERVICE, INCLUDING THE USE OF BLOOKET CLASSES FEATURE AND STUDENT ACCOUNTS CREATED BY THE BLOOKET CLASSES FEATURE, ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING THE RIGHTS AND INTERESTS OF THEIR STUDENTS AND MUST THEREFORE TAKE SPECIAL CARE IN THE REVIEW OF THIS AGREEMENT. EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS AND EDUCATIONAL INSTRUCTORS SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING, WHERE APPLICABLE, PERTINENT CONSENT FROM PARENTS, LEGAL GUARDIANS OR ELIGIBLE STUDENTS PRIOR TO UTILIZING THE SERVICE. BLOOKET SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY NEGLIGENCE OF THE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION IN THE REVIEW OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OBTAINMENT, WHERE APPLICABLE, OF THE NECESSARY PARENTAL CONSENT.
We may withdraw or amend the Services, and any related service or content, or restrict access (including by means of cancellation, termination, or modification, or suspension of a user account) to all or certain users (including you) without notice and without liability to you in our reasonable discretion. Additionally, due to your geographic location, the Services or some of their features, services, or content may be unavailable to you. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, we may terminate or suspend access to the Services based on your breach of these Terms.
To access certain Services, you may be asked to create an account or provide registration details or other information, and in order to use such resources, all the information you provide must be correct, current, and complete. From time to time, in order to access the Services or certain games, services, or functionality, BLOOKET may require some or all users to download updated or additional software. The terms of use of such software may be subject to separate agreement between you and BLOOKET. By agreeing to this service, you agree not to block any access to the various website directories which are required for functionality of the service including all cloud storage and hosting services. The services which are required to be enabled are located on the Blooket website at https://debug.blooket.com/.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password, or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential (other than user name), and you must not disclose it to others. You must immediately notify BLOOKET (via contact-us@blooket.com) of any unauthorized use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information. You may only access the Services through your own account. Users do not own their accounts, and gifting or otherwise transferring of accounts or access keys is prohibited.
We reserve the right to change your display name if we deem it offensive, misleading, potentially infringing the rights of third parties or if you have been inactive for more than a year.
The Services, including all content, features, and functionality thereof, are owned by BLOOKET, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
You are permitted to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use only or legitimate business purposes related to your role as a current or prospective customer of BLOOKET. Except as provided below, you must not copy, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, or transmit any of the material obtained through the Services, or delete, or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from the Services. However, if you are otherwise in compliance with these Terms, you are permitted to use, elsewhere and on other websites, an unaltered copy of portions of the content that is publicly available on the Website for the limited, non-commercial purpose of discussing such content.
The Service and the BLOOKET Technology are intended solely for the personal, non-commercial use of our users and may only be used in accordance with this Agreement. “BLOOKET Technology” means all past, present and future content of the Service, including, all the software, hardware and technology used to provide the Service (including BLOOKET proprietary code and third-party software), user interfaces, materials displayed or performed on the Service, such as text, graphics, articles, photographs, images, illustrations and the design, structure, sequence and “look and feel” of the Services, and all other intellectual property, including all BLOOKET Marks. “BLOOKET Marks” are the trademarks, service marks, logos, or any other trade name, trademarks, service marks and other distinctive or proprietary brand features of BLOOKET. BLOOKET Technology is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. You are not allowed to use, store, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, create derivative works from, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit the BLOOKET Technology for any purposes other than as expressly permitted under this Agreement.
You agree that You will not use, and will not permit any End User to use, the Services to: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile, prepare derivative works of, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to gain access to the source code of the Services; (ii) knowingly or negligently use the Services in a way that abuses, interferes with, or disrupts BLOOKET's networks, Your accounts, or the Services; (iii) engage in activity that is illegal, fraudulent, false, or misleading, (iv) transmit through the Services any material that may infringe the intellectual property or other rights of third parties; (v) build or benchmark a competitive product or service, or copy any features, functions or graphics of the Services; or (vi) use the Services to communicate any message or material that is harassing, libelous, threatening, obscene, indecent, would violate the intellectual property rights of any party or is otherwise unlawful, that would give rise to civil liability, or that constitutes or encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, under any applicable law or regulation; (vii) upload or transmit any software, Content or code that does or is intended to harm, disable, destroy or adversely affect performance of the Services in any way or which does or is intended to harm or extract information or data from other hardware, software or networks of BLOOKET or other users of Services; (viii) engage in any activity or use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or otherwise interfere with or disrupt the Services, or any servers or networks connected to the Services or BLOOKET’s security systems. (ix) use the Services in violation of any BLOOKET policy or in a manner that violates applicable law, including but not limited to anti-spam, export control, privacy, and anti-terrorism laws and regulations and laws requiring the consent of subjects of audio and video recordings, and You agree that You are solely responsible for compliance with all such laws and regulations.
You may not reproduce, resell, or distribute the Services or any reports or data generated by the Services for any purpose unless You have been specifically permitted to do so under a separate agreement with BLOOKET. You may not offer or enable any third parties to use the Services purchased by You, display on any website or otherwise publish the Services or any Content obtained from a Service (other than Content created by You) or otherwise generate income from the Services or use the Services for the development, production or marketing of a service or product substantially similar to the Services.
You are responsible for the activities of all End Users who access or use the Services through your account and you agree to ensure that any such End User will comply with the terms of this Agreement and any BLOOKET policies. BLOOKET assumes no responsibility or liability for violations. If You become aware of any violation of this Agreement in connection with use of the Services by any person, please contact BLOOKET at contact-us@blooket.com. BLOOKET may investigate any complaints and violations that come to its attention and may take any (or no) action that it believes is appropriate, including, but not limited to issuing warnings, removing the content or terminating accounts and/or User profiles. Under no circumstances will BLOOKET be liable in any way for any data or other content viewed while using the Services, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any such data or content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of, access to, or denial of access to any data or content.
For clarity, the foregoing permissions are limited to the Services, and no rights are granted with respect to any servers, computers, or databases associated with the Services.
The above license (i) will terminate when you delete any User Submissions with intellectual property rights (“IP content”), like photos, you or your institution deletes an Education Record, you delete any personal information, or you delete your account, unless your content has been shared with others and they have not deleted it, you have made Question Sets public or your content is part of an Education Record still under the control of your institution (e.g., co-teaching). If you would like to delete your account, please see the Settings on your BLOOKET Dashboard which allows you to delete your account in the Edit Info section.
Blooket will not heed any deletion requests of "teacher accounts" or "teacher content" made by the educational institution, company or organization, as this should be handled by the educational institution, company or organization itself in accordance with its internal regulations or teacher employment agreements.
Additionally, when you delete IP content, Education Records, or personal information, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle or trash bin on a computer. However, you understand that any removed User Submission may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time. Note that the information contained in Blooket's security backups or copies will not be available or accessible to others.If you are a teacher, aide, trainer or other similar personnel accessing the Service on behalf of an educational institution, company or organization (the "Institution"), the following terms apply to you:
You understand and acknowledge that COPPA prohibits online service providers from knowingly collecting personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age without Consent, and you understand that we only collect, use, share and retain student personal information for purposes for which we were authorized by the educational institution/agency or teacher.
You acknowledge and agree that you have School Consent to allow children under 13 to use the Service and that you and/or the Institution will be solely responsible (and hereby agree that BLOOKET is not responsible) for compliance with COPPA or any other applicable laws. This includes limiting access to the Service to those student users from whom School Personnel has received valid Consent forms and complying with all parental requests regarding the collection, use and disclosure of such child's information. School Personnel or the educational institution are responsible for providing parental consent forms to the parents of potential student users, for confirming receipt of valid consent forms for each child before granting the student access to the Service, and for retaining such consent forms on file. If a user's parent does not consent or rescind such School Consent, School Personnel or the educational institution shall immediately notify BLOOKET to discontinue that student's access to the Service and ensure that such student's information is no longer accessible through the Services.
You agree that you are acting on behalf of (or have permission from) your Institution to enter into this Agreement and to use the Service as part of your curriculum.
You agree that you are responsible for maintaining and monitoring the accuracy of the list of students for each of your classes. By way of example, you will only retain students in your classroom as long as it is reasonably needed for their educational development, which shall not exceed more than one school year.
You acknowledge and agree that, in order to guarantee the privacy and security of your students' data and provide them with the best possible experience through the BLOOKET website, only personnel who are current employees of the institution may use the service on the institution's behalf. Upon termination of a teacher, aide, trainer, or other staff member's employment with the institution, such individual must return and cease using all login details and student access he or she has in his or her possession. Blooket shall not be responsible for the misuse of the service by institution personnel and shall not be held accountable for teachers, aides, trainers, or other staff members of the institution not returning student education records, and/or not returning and ceasing to use all login details and student access they have in their possession, upon termination of their employment agreement with the institution.
Nothing in these Terms will prejudice the statutory rights that you may have as a consumer of the Services. Some countries, states, provinces or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation of liability as stated in this section, so the below terms may not fully apply to you. Instead, in such jurisdictions, the exclusions and limitations below shall apply only to the extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions.
The Services and all information, content, materials, products (including software), and other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the Services are provided by BLOOKET on an “as is” and “as available” basis. BLOOKET makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the Services, or the information, content, materials, products (including software), or other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the Services. You expressly agree that your use of the Services is at your sole risk. To the full extent permissible by law, BLOOKET disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. BLOOKET does not warrant that the Services, information, content, materials, products (including software) or other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the Services, BLOOKET's servers, or electronic communications sent from BLOOKET are free of viruses or other harmful components.
To the full extent permissible by law, BLOOKET will not be liable for any loss of profits or any indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with this these Terms. Further, to the full extent permissible by law, BLOOKET's aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these Terms will not exceed the total amounts you have paid (if any) to BLOOKET under this Agreement during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the events giving rise to such liability. These limitations and exclusions regarding damages apply even if any remedy fails to provide adequate compensation. The Services contain various forums, networks, and other interactive features that allow you to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit to BLOOKET and other users (“Post”) content or materials (“User Contributions”) on or through the Services.
All User Contributions must comply with the following content standards: User Contributions must not be illegal, fraudulent, deceptive, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable, and must not consist of or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.”
Any User Contribution that you Post will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you grant BLOOKET a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such User Contribution throughout the world in any media; however, BLOOKET will only share personal information that you provide in accordance with BLOOKET's Privacy Policy.
BLOOKET allows users to create or import Question Sets. If the user selects the public option, BLOOKET will obtain a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such Question Sets.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the User Contributions that you Post at the time of Posting; that the User Contributions are accurate and not fraudulent or deceptive; and that the User Contributions do not violate these Terms or the rights (intellectual property rights or otherwise) of any third party, and will not cause injury to any person or entity. You understand that your User Contributions may be copied by other Services users and discussed on and outside of the Services, and if you do not have the right to submit User Contributions for such use, it may subject you to liability. BLOOKET takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
BLOOKET has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any User Contributions. BLOOKET also has the right to terminate your access to all or part of the Services for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms. BLOOKET may exercise these rights at any time, without notice or liability to you or any third party.  Secret Blooket Modz #----\     https://kenetictwf.wixsite.com/codingbit     /----# Secret Blooket Modz
